README.md, before:

# Coulr

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4c173929259648e19e883f465fb6c64b)](https://www.codacy.com/app/hugo-posnic/Coulr?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Huluti/Coulr&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Snap Status](https://build.snapcraft.io/badge/Huluti/Coulr.svg)](https://build.snapcraft.io/user/Huluti/Coulr)

## Enjoy colors and feel happy

Coulr is a color box to help developers and designers. Currently, it allows to:
  - convert RGB color to its Hexadecimal value and vice versa
  - copy selected color

### Screenshots

![alt tag](coulr/assets/coulr_screenshot.png)

## Installation instructions

### Universal package for Linux (recommended)

[![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-black.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/coulr)


    snap install coulr

### Build from source

Build and install by running:

    sudo python3 setup.py build
    sudo python3 setup.py install

### Developer install

Installing Coulr with develop mode creates binaries that link back to source code. Therefore changes will be reflected immediately with no need to repeatedly install:

    sudo python3 setup.py develop

Finaly, launch Coulr:

    coulr

### Tech

Coulr uses open-source projects to work properly:

* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)

### License

This project is under MIT licence... so do what you want with it :)

### Help me

That would make me very happy you make me feedback on using the software.
Thanks for your interest and see you soon!

Commit message:

Adopt meson and use flatpak over snap

README.md, after:

# Coulr

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4c173929259648e19e883f465fb6c64b)](https://www.codacy.com/app/hugo-posnic/Coulr?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Huluti/Coulr&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

## Enjoy colors and feel happy

Coulr is a color box to help developers and designers. Currently, it allows to:
  - convert RGB color to its Hexadecimal value and vice versa
  - copy selected color

### Screenshots

![alt tag](data/screenshots/screen1.png)

## Installation instructions

### Universal package for Linux (recommended)

Coulr will be soon available as a flatpak package. Stay tuned.

### Build from source (nightly)

Build and install by running:

    git clone https://github.com/Huluti/Coulr.git
    cd Coulr
    meson _build
    cd _build
    ninja
    sudo ninja install

The app can then be removed with:

    sudo ninja uninstall

### Tech

Coulr uses open-source projects to work properly:

* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)

### License

This project is under MIT licence... so do what you want with it :)

### Help me

That would make me very happy you make me feedback on using the software.
Thanks for your interest and see you soon!
